I didn’t expect that there really was a name-pressing array.
Thank you for the day's journey
It's too late to stop the grass.
Excuse me, is the Buddha's Hand here?
It's right there. Is there anything good to eat nearby?
You want to eat here?
Isn't it possible? It's not impossible. It's rare.
Go down the pagoda and there will be a noodle shop opposite it.
I think it's pretty good. You're welcome to see you.
Okay, yellow eyes and face, what do you want to eat?
A bowl of sheep noodles. Thank you. It’s easy to bring.
I can’t tell you. History, Sanzongjing, this period
Why do I feel so weird everywhere?
Your Yang Chui Noodles are ready, netizens please. Thank you.
Do my facials taste like yours?
Wait until you are guest workers
Who are you from the book?